here I'm going to do a quick tutorial on
how to get your HDR working on your
Nikon d50 100 so my problem was I have
one and I tried to enable it and it
turns out I cannot it's grayed out you
can't see it right there but when I try
to go right it says this option is not
available at the current settings or in
the current camera state so I figured
out how to change something right so I
went and I Sun I diode all of these none
of these none of these worked you know
it always stayed grayed out for me
and I thought oh what the heck then I
you know there's a last resort you read
the manual so I read the manual and I
found out a couple things number one is
see where it says fine
that's your so you hit this eye button
they will go into that menu you have the
yellow is highlighted to use the the up
over here to get up there click on that
fine and then here you can choose raw or
fine just means JPEG raw plus F means is
my thing keep going on like that raw
plus F means um your background means
raw plus JPEG and fine
nor more basic or all just JPEG so
that's what you need to choose one of
those
so basically give you a two point three
megabyte file approximately normal will
give you a four point seven megabyte and
then fine which is what I usually use is
a nine point three megabytes anyway hit
the middle button then there and then
you'll get back to the menu so that
one's okay and still I cannot get to my
HDR setting it's still oh I can no
because I didn't I didn't set the other
one so the other thing that might affect
you is if you have bracketing on
so here's bracketing down in the lower
right corner CB Katie it's off if it's
on like if you're bracketing plus 0.5
exposures or 1.5 or whatever it is if
you're choosing anything but off it will
not work for HDR see there i chose a 1.0
so it will shoot a regular image for me
and then it will shoot 1 and +1 exposure
and minus 1 exposure that doesn't work
for HDR watch see i cannot it's grayed
out again i cannot right click it's not
available but as soon as you turn that
off turn that function off by hitting i
again
go off hit the menu over here again to
get to your HDR HDR is the second one
there and then you can get on to HDR
then you can go to the right and click
which mode you want you got to click on
each time you want to shoot a photo your
going to click on again so it's kind of
a pain it's really a pain then you can
choose one of these settings and they're
they're so close together I noticed
hardly any difference at all with my
images so you can experiment with that
maybe it helps some in certain lighting
conditions but shooting here from my
house across the street to the condos
across the street and to other things
I just noticed very little difference at
all so to me it didn't even matter what
what settings I had it on when you take
a picture it will shoot two shots really
quick and it will combine those shots to
give you the HDR effect which is um
which is nice you know some people like
it some people don't
anyway that's it that's some how to get
HDR video how to enable the HDR or
function with your with your nikon d50